Fix typos in docs and code (#9927)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/elements.md

- [`pl-file-download`](#pl-file-download-element): Enable file downloads for
  data-centric questions.
- [`pl-file-preview`](#pl-file-preview-element): Displays a preview of submitted files.

> - [`pl-graph`](#pl-graph-element): Displays graphs, using GraphViz DOT notation, an adjacency matrix, or a network graph.

Reviewer: This was actually correct, [networkx is a library](https://networkx.org/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [`pl-graph`](#pl-graph-element): Displays graphs, using GraphViz DOT notation, an adjacency matrix, or a [`networkx`](https://networkx.org/) graph.
```

Reviewer: @nwalters512 if there's a link to networkx here, should there be a link to [GraphViz DOT notation](https://graphviz.org/doc/info/lang.html) as well?

Reviewer 2: I'd be fine with that (though IMO those docs aren't very user-friendly).

Author: Is it ok as is with the new change? Or should it be [`GraphViz DOT notation`](https://graphviz.org/doc/info/lang.html) instead of [GraphViz DOT notation](https://graphviz.org/doc/info/lang.html).

Reviewer: This is good, thanks.
